msimons@slackware.com


Slackware Grfx/Propaganda FAQ  Updated (slightly) August 25th, 2006

Q: Can I use this _____ graphic on my webpage?

A: Of course! What else do you think they are there for?

Q: Should I link to the graphic i.e. IMG
SRC="http://www.slackware.com/~msimons/slackware/grfx/shared/graphic" or
can I download it and host it on my own site?

A: By all means, you are free and welcome to download the graphic and host
it out of your own site.  Infact, that is the best idea, as besides the
fact that it won't cause us additional traffic, the graphic is not
guaranteed to stay at the same location on our site, or even keep the same
name neccessarily (although, I am striving to make the names sensical, not
repetitive, AND include SW, Slack, or Slackware in some way; which is why
some of the names are changing.

Q: I am writing a newspaper or magazine article, or even a television
broadcase where I talk about Slackware and Linux, may I use one of these
graphics or banners? 

A: As above, by all means! That is what they are here for!

Q: I sent in a graphic, or a link to a graphic but I haven't seen it
posted on the propaganda/graphics pages yet, what gives??

A: First, did you send it to me, msimons?  If you sent it to another
address, or another Slackware person, then most likely, I did not get it. 
Otherwise, feel free to drop me an email reminding me, or send it again,
sometimes I miss these things, or I read them and then tell myself "I'll
put that up later." and then I don't get back to them, can't find it, or
don't remember it.  This is just a hobby, I am not paid to do this, and my
normal day to day activities sometimes get in the way.

Q:Okay, so I sent you a graphic, or several graphics and they just arn't
up.

A:Well, most likely I will respond, but sometimes I wont.. but sometimes
(and this is VERY RARE) I just don't get it.. in other words I don't think
the graphic makes any sense, or I don't feel it relates to, or reflects
well on Slackware.. please note as I said this is VERY rare... I have only
ever not put up two graphics, one which didn't make sense (it was too
personal to the individual who was sending it to me) and another which not
only didn't mention Slackware in it at all, but wouldn't really reflect
well on Slackware, should I have put it up.  Oh, I did reject another, but
only cause it didn't make sense, english-wise.. the guy was not a native
english speaker, and I didnt know what he meant.. he explained what he
meant, and I understood and we went back and forth a few times correcting
his english, [I certainly couldn't make a banner in his language that
would make any sense, so I don't blame him!! BTW, I *will* accept banners
and graphics in non-english languages, however, I will have to get them
translated first from a reliable (secondary) source to make sure what they
say/imply.]

Q: What sort of graphics are you looking for? Is there any way that you
suggest (before I send it in) that I can make my graphic better?

A: Well, I don't want to tell you what to do, I'd rather you be creative
than follow some sort of cookie-cutter formula that I give you. However, I
will offer the following suggestions:

 1) If you are going to use the 'traditional' version of Tux as originally
created by Larry Ewing, please use or edit it so that it is Slackware's
version of Tux (in other words, with the Pipe.) If you are going to use
another non-traditional penguin (as in, NOT in the tradition of Larry
Ewing's Tux) then feel free by all means to use the one of your choice or
create one that you like, however, it would be nice to have a version with
the Pipe. Feel free to send both with and without, if you wish.
 2) I'm starting to get a number of graphics with just the name
"Slackware" displayed in different ways.  They're not bad (some of them
are actually pretty good). However, if I were to post every version of the
name "Slackware" in every possible font out there, the possibilities would
be endless! So please consider when sending me these, if you could
possibly add some sort of clever saying that would fit with whatever your
theme (appearance/color/graphic) is.. [HEY, I have an idea!! Does anybody
out there want to come up with a "Slackware Graphic Generator" that would
take the word(s) "Slackware Linux" and display them in the font, color,
and background color or background graphic of a user's choosing? :D ]
 3) Also, it helps to include the word "Linux" along with the name
Slackware, as joe random user looking at your banner or graphic on
random-webpage-X probably won't know what "Slackware" is, but they might
know what "Linux" is, and then can figure by context that "Slackware
Linux" is a type of "Linux." 

Q: Can I take a graphic, edit it, mutate it in some way and use it? 

A: Yes, but by all means, please send us back your edit so that we may
see what you have done, and post it. (Kind of like the GPL, you know.)

Q: Can I submit a banner or graphic in my native tongue, _____ language?

A: By all means! Please submit with an explanation in english, and see
above.

Q: I *really* like ____ graphic, can I make a ____ (mousepad, t-shirt,
mug, poster) for my own personal individual use?

A: Well, (please note this is not the official opinion of Slackware,
Inc. and I do not represent Slackware in ANY official capacity
whatsoever.) I don't think anybody is going to hunt you down and kill you
for making ONE or two t-shirts or whatever for your OWN personal use,
after all, Slackware (and the team) are doing their work, partly because
they like what they do, and partly cause they appreciate the fact that
people enjoy their efforts.  They, however, need things purchased from the
Slackware store or contributions made (paypal@slackware.com) so that they
can pay their bills, and keep on doing what they do.  Also realize that
the graphics are here because we know that people like Slackware, and have
different personal aesthetics.  So, yes, you may make ONE t-shirt for
your own personal use. If you wish to, and have the capacity to make
a large number of items (in other words, you own or have excellent access
to a printing/manufacturing facility) then by all means feel free to
contact us about it, but DO NOT make the items before discussing this with
us.  

Q: I'm writing an article for a Wikiweb, OpenSource Document, Free
Publishing License, etc. about Slackware, can I use a graphic? (It would
also have to go under this license.) 

A: This is a good question, and one that will require figuring out and
writing up a decent license/document for you.  Uhmm.. I think I'll have to
get back to you on this one. [anybody out there want to write something up
for me? aiiigh...]

Q: What is the font used in graphic _fill-in-name_? 

A: Most likely we don't know, as a large number of these are user 
submitted.

Q: What is the original Slackware font as used in the old-style 
Slackware-with-an-underline style logo ? 

A: Old response: We *think* it's simply "Courier New."
   New response I just got from: Paul O'Leary McCann 

   I've checked the main Slackware logo (name-with-underline) against some
fonts, and it looks like it's Courier, not Courier New as you have it in 
the FAQ. It also looks a hell of a lot like Rockwell. Courier New is
inappropriate because it rounds off the ends of the letters, which isn't
very slack of it. Figured this might be of some assistance; it helps me
since I'm making a shirt for myself. -POLM

Q: Do you have a higher resolution, larger, or different fileformat of 
graphic _fill-in-name_? 

A: No.  As has been stated, these graphics are largely user submitted, and 
even for those that arn't.. we do not have other versions of these files.  
For the most part, WYSIWYG. 

Q: I have another question not answered here.

A: Well, then, ask it. 
